Updated remove.md (#2055)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remove.md

If there are no stages left in `dvc.yaml` after the removal, then both

> `dvc.yaml` and `dvc.lock` are deleted.
> 
> Additionally, `.gitignore` is deleted if there are no `.gitignore` entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dvc.yaml` and `dvc.lock` are deleted. `.gitignore` is also deleted if
there are no more entries left in it.
```
